add info about l10n (#1439)
quarkusio/quarkusio.github.io: README.md

  - Be aware that the `date` attribute in the asciidoc preamble defines when the article will be published. Use a present date while writing your article to test locally, then switch to the actual target date before submitting. 
- send a pull request against the develop branch and voilà

## Translations/Localization (l10n)

The primary site (quarkus.io) is written in English. 

There are separate repositories for community driven localized versions of quarkus.io:

- [ja.quarkus.io](https://github.com/quarkusio/ja.quarkus.io) for Japanese
- [cn.quarkus.io](https://github.com/quarkusio/cn.quarkus.io) for Chinese (simplified)
- [es.quarkus.io](https://github.com/quarkusio/es.quarkus.io) for Spanish

If you want to contribute to those efforts read the README in those projects. If you would like to
start another translation, please open an issue in this main repo.

#### Enable DNS for l10n site

> One a localized site has enough of its content translated DNS needs to be enabled. To do that get one of the Red Hat admins to submit

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Once a localized site has enough of its content translated, DNS needs to be enabled. To do that get one of the Red Hat admins to submit
```

a ticket to IT asking for XX domain:

```

> We need a CNAME record setup as soon as possible for XX.quarkus.io To have it serve out GitHub pages. 
> 
> It's step 5 on https://docs.github.com/en/github/working-with-github-pages/managing-a-custom-domain-for-your-github-pages-site
> 
> Basically setup On "quarkus.io" zone, add "XX" CNAME record to point to "quarkusio.github.io." domain.

Reviewer: I think you should simplify this to

```suggestion
We need a CNAME record set up for XX.quarkus.io to have it serve out GitHub pages. 

The CNAME record for XX.quarkus.io should point to "quarkusio.github.io.".
```

The IT doesn't really need the details.
